Centuries ago, mankind was slaughtered to near extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called titans, forcing humans to hide in fear behind enormous concentric walls.  After witnessing a horrific personal loss at the hands of the invading creatures, Eren Yeager dedicates his life to their eradication by enlisting into the Survey Corps, an elite military unit that combats the merciless humanoids outside the protection of the walls.
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece.  Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate.  Following the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all to reach One Piece.
Idly indulging in baseless paranormal activities with the Occult Club, high schooler Yuuji Itadori spends his days at either the clubroom or the hospital, where he visits his grandfather. This leisurely lifestyle is interrupted when he unknowingly encounters a cursed item. Triggering a chain of supernatural events, Yuuji finds himself thrust into the world of Curses, dreadful beings formed from human malice, after swallowing said item, revealed to be a finger of the demon Sukuna Ryoumen, the "King of Curses."
Music accompanies the path of the human metronome, prodigious pianist Kousei Arima. But after the passing of his mother, he falls into a downward spiral, rendering him unable to hear the sound of his own piano.  Two years later, Kousei still avoids the piano, leaving behind admirers and rivals, and lives a colorless life alongside friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari. Everything changes when he meets violinist Kaori Miyazono who stirs up his world and sets him on a journey to face music again.
Having reached professional status in middle school, Rei Kiriyama is one of the few elite in the world of shogi. Due to this, he faces an enormous amount of pressure, both from the shogi community and his adoptive family. Seeking independence from his tense home life, he moves into an apartment in Tokyo. As he struggles to maintain himself physically and mentally through his shogi career, Rei must learn how to interact with others and understand his own complex emotions.
Since the death of his father, the burden of supporting the family has fallen on Tanjirou Kamado. Though impoverished on a remote mountain, the Kamado family to enjoy a peaceful life. Demons plague society, and one day Tanjirou is met with a horrifying sight: his whole family has been slaughtered. Worse yet, the sole survivor, his sister Nezuko, is now a bloodthirsty demon. Consumed by rage and hatred, Tanjirou swears to avenge his family and stay by his only remaining sibling.
The Great War finally came to an end after four years of conflict and the continent of Telesis has begun to flourish. Caught up in the bloodshed was Violet Evergarden, a young girl raised for the sole purpose of decimating enemy lines. Violet starts a new life working at CH Postal Services as an "Auto Memory Doll," amanuenses that transcribe people's thoughts and feelings into words on paper; the trade takes her on an adventure, one that will reshape the lives of her clients and hopefully lead to self-discovery.
Due to a tragic accident, Banri Tada is struck with amnesia, dissolving the memories of his hometown and past. However, after befriending Mitsuo Yanagisawa, he decides to move on and begin a new life at law school in Tokyo. But just as he is beginning to adjust to his college life, the beautiful Kouko Kaga dramatically barges into Banri's life, and their chance meeting marks the beginning of an unforgettable year.
Iori Kitahara moves to the coastal town of Izu for his freshman year at its university, taking residence above Grand Blue, his uncle's scuba diving shop. Iori has high hopes and dreams about having the ideal college experience, but when he enters the shop he is sucked into the alcoholic activities of the carefree members of the Diving Club who frequent the place. Persuaded by upperclassmen Shinji Tokita and Ryuujirou Kotobuki, Iori reluctantly joins their bizarre party.
Thorfinn grew up listening to the stories of old sailors that had traveled the ocean and reached the place of legend, Vinland. It's said to be warm and fertile, a place where there's no need for fighting—not at all like the frozen village in Iceland where he was born, and certainly not like his current life as a mercenary. War is his home now. Though his father once told him, "You have no enemies, nobody does. There is nobody who it's okay to hurt," as he grew, Thorfinn knew that nothing was further from the truth.
Goku Son is a young boy who lives in the woods all alone until a girl named Bulma runs into him in her search for a set of magical objects called the "Dragon Balls." Since the artifacts are said to grant one wish to whoever collects all seven, Bulma hopes to gather them and wish for a perfect boyfriend. Goku happens to be in possession of a dragon ball but he refuses to part with it, so she makes him a deal: he can tag along on her journey if he lets her borrow it. With that, the two set off on the journey of a lifetime.
A shinigami, as a god of death, can kill anyone provided they see the victim's face and write the victim's name in a notebook called a Death Note. One day, Ryuk, bored by the shinigami lifestyle, drops one into the human realm. High school prodigy Light Yagami finds the Death Note and tests it by writing a criminal's name in it. When the criminal instantly dies, Light decides to extinguish all criminals to build a new world where crime doesn't exist and people worship him as a god.
Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. To put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him to new friends and deadly foes.
Inspired after watching a volleyball ace nicknamed "Little Giant" in action, small-statured Shouyou Hinata revives his middle school volleyball club. The new team even makes it to a tournament; however, their first match turns out to be their last when they are brutally squashed by the "King of the Court," Tobio Kageyama. Hinata vows to surpass Kageyama, so after graduating from middle school, he joins Karasuno High School's volleyball team, only to find that his sworn rival is now his teammate!
Parasitic aliens have infiltrated Earth by burrowing into the brains of humans. These beings acquire full control of their host and morph into a variety of forms to feed on unsuspecting prey. Shinichi Izumi falls victim to one of these parasites, but it fails to take over his brain, ending up in his right hand instead. Unable to relocate, the parasite, now named Migi, has no choice but to rely on Shinichi to survive. Thus, the pair is forced to coexist and must defend themselves from other parasites that deem their existence a threat.
Energy-conservative high schooler Houtarou Oreki ends up with more than he bargained for when he signs up for the Classics Club at his sister's behest, especially when he realizes how deep-rooted the club's history really is. Begrudgingly, Oreki is dragged into an investigation concerning the 45-year-old mystery that surrounds the club room. Accompanied by his club members, the knowledgeable Satoshi Fukube, the stern Mayaka Ibara, and the curious Eru Chitanda, the group work to uncover the truth.
In 2071, humanity has colonized several planets and moons in the solar system leaving the now uninhabitable surface of Earth behind. The Inter Solar System Police attempts to keep peace in the galaxy, aided in part by outlaw bounty hunters known as "Cowboys."  Mellow and carefree Spike Spiegel is balanced by his boisterous, pragmatic partner Jet Black as the pair makes a living chasing bounties. As they gain new members, the crew embarks on thrilling adventures that unravel each member's dark past.
Middle aged Satoru Mikami is a typical corporate worker who is perfectly content with his monotonous life in Tokyo. In the midst of a casual encounter with his colleague, he falls victim to a random assailant on the streets and is stabbed. Instead of dying he discovers that he has reincarnated as a goop of slime in an unfamiliar realm. In doing so, he acquires newfound skills, notably the power to devour anything and mimic its appearance and abilities.  Liberated from his past, he embarks on an awesome journey!
The appearance of "quirks," or super powers, has steadily increased over the years, with 80% of humanity possessing various abilities. This leaves the remainder of the world completely powerless, and Izuku Midoriya is one such individual. Since he was a child, the ambitious middle schooler has wanted nothing more than to be a hero.  By chance, Izuku meets the his hero personal idol, All Might. All Might's quirk is a unique ability that can be inherited, and he has chosen Izuku to be his successor!
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity and serve as venues for mages to gather and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to join Fairy Tail. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel.
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town.
As the energetic Narumi Momose finds herself running late to her first day of work at a new office, she promises to herself to hide her secret: that she's an otaku.  Things go awry whe she runs into her otaku childhood friend Hirotaka Nifuji at work!  After Narumi complains about her previous boyfriend breaking up with her because he found out her secret, Hirotaka suggests that she try dating himself. Thus the two otaku start dating, and their adorably awkward romance begins.
Hachiman Hikigaya is an apathetic high school student with narcissistic and nihilistic tendencies. He firmly believes that joyful youth is but a farce, and everyone who says otherwise is just lying to themselves.  As punishment for writing an essay mocking modern social relationships, Hachiman is forced to join the Volunteer Service Club, a club that extends a helping hand to any student who seeks their support in achieving their goals.  Will his rotten view of society prove to be a hindrance or tool?
In 2022, VR has progressed immensely and many play a RPG called Sword Art Online. With "NerveGear" technology, players can enter the game with nothing but their own thoughts.  Kazuto Kirigaya, nicknamed "Kirito," is among the lucky few who first play the game. He logs in to find himself and others in the elaborate world of Aincrad, full of weapons and monsters. However, the players soon realize they cannot leave! The game's creator has trapped them in his game until they beat all 100 levels of the game.
Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but cute and fragile. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger."  Learning that they have crushes on each other's best friends, the two form an alliance to help each other with their respective crushes!
Striking fear into the hearts of mortals, the Demon Lord Satan begins to conquer the land of Ente Isla with his vast demon armies. However, his efforts are foiled by the hero Emilia, forcing Satan to retreat to Earth. Powerless in a world without magic, Satan assumes the guise of Sadao Maou and begins working at MgRonald's to make ends meet. He soon realizes that his goal of conquering Ente Isla is just not enough as he grows determined to climb the corporate ladder and rule Earth, one customer at a time!
The rare and inexplicable Puberty Syndrome is thought of as a myth. It is a rare disease which only affects teenagers, and its symptoms are so supernatural that hardly anyone recognizes it as a legitimate occurrence. However, high school student Sakuta Azusagawa knows from personal experience that it is very much real, and happens to be quite prevalent in his school.  The disease affects many students in the school, and Sakuta tries to help all those afflicted with the disease.
Tokyo has become a cruel and merciless city—a place where vicious creatures called "ghouls" exist alongside humans. The citizens of this once great metropolis live in constant fear of these bloodthirsty savages and their thirst for human flesh. However, the greatest threat these ghouls pose is their dangerous ability to masquerade as humans and blend in with society. Upon meeting Rize Kamishiro, a ghoul in disguise shy, bookish Ken Kaneki become a half ghoul and half human!  His secret life begins.
At the renowned Shuchiin Academy, Miyuki Shirogane and Kaguya Shinomiya are the student body's top representatives. Ranked the top student in the nation, Miyuki serves as the student council president. Alongside him, the vice president Kaguya excels in every field imaginable. Despite both having already developed feelings for the other, neither are willing to admit it. The first to confess loses. With  honor and pride at stake, Miyuki and Kaguya are both determined to emerge victorious on the battlefield of love!
Being the first female student council president isn't easy, especially when your school just transitioned from an all boys school to a co-ed one. Nicknamed "Demon President" by the boys for her strict disciplinary style, Misaki Ayuzawa is not afraid to use Aikido techniques to cast judgment onto the hordes of misbehaving boys and defend the girls at Seika High School. Yet even the perfect Ayuzawa has an embarrassing secret: she works part-time as a maid at a maid café! With her reputation at stake, a classic rom-com emerges!
High schooler Raku Ichijou is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise to his childhood friend. Now, all he has to go on is a pendant with a lock, which can only be unlocked with the key which the girl took with her when they parted. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family's turf, Raku is dragged into a conflict: Raku must fake a relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the daughter of the Bee Hive's chief, to reduce the friction between the two groups!
Shizuku Mizutani is apathetic toward her classmates, only caring about grades. However, her cold view of life begins to change when she meets Haru Yoshida, a troublemaker who stopped attending class after getting into a fight early in the school year. He is not much different from her, though: he too understands little about human nature and does not have any friends. To Shizuku's surprise, he proclaims that she'll be his friend and immediately confesses his feelings toward her upon meeting her!
Dismissed as a hopeless loser by those around him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki bounces around from one job to another after quitting his first company. His unremarkable existence takes a sharp turn when he meets Ryou Yoake, a member of the ReLife Research Institute, who offers Arata the opportunity to change his life for the better with the help of a mysterious pill. Taking it without a second thought, Arata awakens the next day to find that his appearance has reverted to that of a 17-year-old!
When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of: Taichi Yaegashi, a hardcore wrestling fan; Iori Nagase, an indecisive optimist; Himeko Inaba, a calm computer genius; Yui Kiriyama, a petite karate practitioner; and Yoshifumi Aoki, the class clown. One day, Aoki and Yui experience a strange incident when, without warning, they switch bodies for a short period of time!
Holo is a powerful wolf deity who is celebrated and revered in the small town of Pasloe for blessing the annual harvest. Yet as years go by and the villagers become more self-sufficient, Holo, who stylizes herself as the "Wise Wolf of Yoitsu," has been reduced to a mere folk tale. When a traveling merchant named Kraft Lawrence stops at Pasloe, Holo offers to become his business partner if he eventually takes her to her northern home of Yoitsu. Full of economic and romance to create an enthralling story.
NGNL is a surreal comedy that follows Sora and Shiro, shut-in NEET siblings and the online gamer duo behind the legendary username "Blank." They view the real world as a lousy game; however, a strange e-mail challenging them to a chess match changes everything: the brother and sister are plunged into an otherworldly realm where they meet Tet, the God of Games. In this world, all forms of conflict are settle through high-stake games!  Sora and Shiro now how a reason to play games: to defeat Tet.
Young love takes many unique and fascinating forms that flourish as children begin to mature into adults. From being unable to confess to not knowing what real love actually feels like, various obstacles arise when learning about romantic attraction for the first time. But underneath all that, young love is something truly beautiful, leading to new experiences for those young and in love. Tsurezure Children depicts various scenarios of young love coming to fruition along with its struggles and joys.
Tomoya Aki, an otaku, has been obsessed with collecting anime and light novels for years, attaching himself to various series with captivating stories and characters. Now, he wants to have a chance of providing the same experience for others by creating his own game, but unfortunately, Tomoya cannot do this task by himself. Using what knowledge he has, Tomoya creates a new doujin circle with hopes to touch the hearts of those who play their game!
Every day, Naoto Hachiouji is teased relentlessly by Hayase Nagatoro, a first year student he meets one day in the library while working on his manga. At first, Nagatoro's relentless antics are more bothersome than anything and leave him feeling embarrassed, as he is forced to cater to her whims. However, as they spend more time together, a strage friendship develops, and Naoto begins to find life fun.  One thing's for sure: his days will never be dull again!
Nasa Yuzaki is determined to leave his name in the history books. Ranking first in the national mock exam and aiming for a distinguished high school, he is certain that he has his whole life mapped out. However, on his way home one snowy evening, Nasa's eyes fall upon a peerless beauty across the street. Bewitched, Nasa tries to approach her—only to get blindsided by an oncoming truck. Thankfully, his life is spared due to the girl's swift action. He confesses to her and accepts on the condition that they get married!
Alchemy is bound by this Law of Equivalent Exchange, something the young brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric only realize after attempting human transmutation: the forbidden act of alchemy. They pay a terrible price for their transgression: Edward loses his left leg, Alphonse his physical body. It is only by sacrificing Edward's right arm that he is able to affix Alphonse's soul to a suit of armor. They seek the Philosopher's Stone to overcome the Law of Equivalent Exchange and return to normal.
The seemingly ordinary and unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, he trained relentlessly for three years—and lost all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is incredibly powerful, so much so that no enemy can defeat him in battle. In fact, all it takes to defeat evildoers is one punch, boring Saitama. This all changes with the arrival of Genos, a 19-year-old cyborg, who wishes to be Saitama's disciple after seeing what he is capable of.
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined.
Yato is a minor deity and a self-proclaimed "Delivery God," who dreams of having millions of worshippers. Without a single shrine dedicated to his name, however, his goals are far from being realized. Just as things seem to be looking grim for the god, his fortune changes when a middle school girl, Hiyori Iki, supposedly saves Yato from a car accident, taking the hit for him. Remarkably, she survives, but the event has caused her soul to become loose and hence able to leave her body!
Lonely high school student, Yukiteru Amano, spends his days writing a diary on his cellphone, while conversing with his two seemingly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina, who is the god of time and space, and Murmur, the god's servant. Revealing himself to be an actual entity, Deus grants Yukiteru a "Random Diary," which shows highly descriptive entries based on the future and forces him into a bloody battle royale with 11 other holders of similarly powerful future diaries.
Night Raid is the covert assassination branch of the Revolutionary Army, an uprising assembled to overthrow Prime Minister Honest, whose avarice and greed for power has led him to take advantage of the child emperor's inexperience. Without a strong and benevolent leader, the rest of the nation drowns in poverty, strife, and ruin. Though the Night Raid members are all experienced killers, they rebel against the corrupt prime minister in the name of justice, no matter the methods necessary.
When a mysterious creature chops the moon down to a permanent crescent, the students of class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves confronted with an enormous task: assassinate the creature responsible for the disaster before Earth suffers a similar fate. However, the monster, dubbed Koro-sensei, is able to fly at speeds of up to Mach 20! Furthermore, the misfits of 3-E soon find that the strange, tentacled beast is more than just indomitable—he is the best teacher they have ever had!
On the surface, Koudo Ikusei Senior High School is a utopia. Students enjoy an unparalleled amount of freedom, and it is ranked highly in Japan. However, the reality is less than ideal. Four classes, A through D, are ranked in order of merit, and only the top classes receive favorable treatment. While class membership is permanent, class rankings are not; students in lower ranked classes can rise in rankings if they score better than those in the top. In this cutthroat school, can Class D rise to the top?
Eighth-grader Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama has tapped into his inner wellspring of psychic prowess at a young age. But the power quickly proves to be a liability when he realizes the potential danger in his skills. In order to effectuate control on his skills, Mob enlists himself under the wing of Arataka Reigen, a con artist claiming to be a psychic, who exploits Mob's powers for pocket change. Now, exorcising evil spirits on command has become a part of Mob's daily, monotonous life!
Justice, and the enforcement of it, has changed. In the 22nd century, Japan enforces the Sibyl System, an objective means of determining the threat level of each citizen by examining their mental state for signs of criminal intent, known as their Psycho-Pass. Inspectors uphold the law by subjugating, often with lethal force, anyone harboring the slightest ill-will; alongside them are Enforcers, Inspectors that have become latent criminals, granted relative freedom in exchange for carrying out the Inspectors' dirty work.
The Four Cardinal Heroes are a group of ordinary men from Japan summoned to the kingdom of Melromarc to become its saviors. Melromarc is a country plagued by the Waves of Catastrophe that have repeatedly ravaged the land and brought disaster to its citizens for centuries. The four heroes are bestowed a sword, spear, bow, and shield to vanquish these Waves. Naofumi Iwatani, an otaku, is cursed with the fate of being the "Shield Hero."  Nevertheless, Naofumi fights the Waves and gains comrades along the way.
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the Wizard King, a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom, and promised to compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power, Asta cannot use magic at all and tries to awaken his powers by training. They seek the same goal: to become the Wizard King!
It looked like it would be a normal day for Ganta Igarashi and his classmates—they were preparing to go on a class field trip to a certain prison amusement park called Deadman Wonderland, where the convicts perform dangerous acts for the onlookers' amusement. However, Ganta's life is quickly turned upside down when his whole class gets massacred by a mysterious man in red. Framed for the incident and sentenced to death, Ganta is sent to the very jail he was supposed to visit!
For weeks, Atsushi Nakajima's orphanage has been plagued by a mystical tiger that only he seems to be aware of. Suspected to be behind the strange incidents, the 18-year-old is abruptly kicked out of the orphanage and left hungry, homeless, and wandering through the city. As various odd events take place, Atsushi is coerced into joining their firm of supernatural investigators, taking on unusual cases the police cannot handle, alongside his numerous enigmatic co-workers.
Spontaneous Human Combustion: a phenomenon that has plagued humanity for years, randomly transforming ordinary people into flaming, violent creatures known as Infernals. While Infernals make up the first-generation accounts of Human Combustion, the second and third generations became known as pyrokinetics, people gifted with the ability to manipulate and control their flames while remaining human. To combat the Infernal threat and discover the cause, a team is created: the Special Fire Force.
The greedy samurai lord Daigo Kagemitsu's land is dying, and he would do anything for power, even renounce Buddha and make a pact with demons. His prayers are answered by 12 demons who grant him the power he desires by aiding his prefecture's growth, but at a price. When Kagemitsu's first son is born, the boy has no limbs, no nose, no eyes, no ears, nor even skin, yet he lives. The boy grows, and although he cannot see, hear, or feel anything, he must defeat the demons that took him as sacrifice.
After dying a laughable and pathetic death, high school student Kazuma Satou finds himself sitting before a beautiful but obnoxious goddess named Aqua. She provides the NEET with 2 options: continue on to heaven or reincarnate in a real fantasy world! He reincarnates but forces Aqua to accompany him, but instead of going on a thrilling adventure, the duo must first work to pay for their living expenses. Indeed, their misfortunes have only just begun!
After years of harboring unspoken feelings, Taiju Ooki is finally ready to confess his love to Yuzuriha Ogawa. Just before confessing however, a blinding green light strikes the Earth and petrifies mankind around the world, turning every human into stone. Several millennia later, Taiju awakens to find the modern world completely nonexistent. Among a stone world of statues, Taiju encounters one other living human: his genius friend Senkuu and learns that he plans to revive civilization with science!
The Abyss—a gaping chasm stretching down into the depths of the earth, filled with mysterious creatures and relics from a time long past. How did it come to be? What lies at the bottom? Countless brave individuals, known as Divers, have sought to solve these mysteries of the Abyss, fearlessly descending into its darkest realms. The best and bravest of the Divers, the White Whistles, are hailed as legends by those who remain on the surface. A duo explores the depths of the Abyss and its harsh reality.
Fear, survival, instinct. Thrown into a foreign land with nothing but hazy memories and the knowledge of their name, they can feel only these three emotions resonating from their souls. A group of strangers is given no other choice than to accept the only paying job in this game-like world, the role of a soldier in the Reserve Army, and eliminate threats to the peace in their new world, Grimgar. Despite its resemblance to one, this is no game. There are no redos or respawns; it is kill or be killed
An Orb, known only as It, is cast to Earth to be observed from afar. Capable of changing forms from beings whose reflections It captures, It first becomes a rock and then, due to the rising temperature, moss.  It crosses paths with a wolf and attains awareness of its consciousness and wanders with no destination. It takes the form of a boy and journeys far and wide. Fumetsu no Anata e illustrates the story of an immortal being experiencing humanity, meeting all types of people in many places throughout time.
Takemichi Hanagaki’s second year of middle school was the highest point in his life. He had respect, a gang of friends he could count on, and even a girlfriend. But that was twelve years ago. Today, he’s a nobody: a washed-up nonentity made fun of by children and always forced to apologize to his younger boss. A sudden news report on the Tokyo Manji Gang’s cruel murder of the only girlfriend.  Suddenly, he is sent back in time to when the Manji Gang in the prime of his life! Can he change the future?
The self-proclaimed mad scientist Rintarou Okabe rents out a room in a rickety old building in Akihabara, where he indulges himself in his hobby of inventing prospective "future gadgets" with fellow lab members: Mayuri Shiina, his air-headed childhood friend, and Hashida Itaru, a perverted hacker nicknamed "Daru." The three pass the time by tinkering with their most promising contraption yet, a machine dubbed the "Phone Microwave.  That machine can send emails to the past and alter history!
The Grace Field House is inhabited by orphans happily living together as one big family, looked after by "Mama" Isabella. Though required to take tests daily, the children spend their time freely, usually playing outside, as long as they do not venture too far from the orphanage. However, the three oldest siblings have their suspicions about what is actually happening at the orphanage, and are to discover the cruel fate that awaits the children living at Grace Field, including the twisted nature of their beloved Mama.
Filled with an overwhelming sense of wonder for the world around her, Mari Tamaki has always dreamt of what lies beyond the reaches of the universe. However, despite harboring such large aspirations on the inside, her fear of the unknown and anxiety over her own possible limitations have always held her back from chasing them. But now, in her second year of high school, Mari is more determined than ever to not let any more of her youth go to waste.
While the perfect getaway for most girls her age might be a fancy vacation with their loved ones, Rin Shima's ideal way of spending her days off is camping alone at the base of Mount Fuji. From pitching her tent to gathering firewood, she has always done everything by herself, and has no plans of leaving her little solitary world. Disrupting her session is the lost Nadeshiko Kagamihara who takes refuge at her site. Together, the two enjoy the wonders of camping.
As Kobayashi sets off for another day at work, she opens her apartment door only to be met by an unusually frightening sight:the head of a dragon staring at her! The dragon immediately transforms into a cute, energetic young girl dressed in a maid outfit, introducing herself as Tooru. It turns out that the stoic programmer had come across the dragon the previous night on a drunken excursion to the mountains, and since the mythical beast had nowhere else to go, she had offered the creature a place to stay in her home!
With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a more competitive level.
A series of unfortunate events has led Makoto "Edamame" Edamura to adopt the life of crime—pickpocketing and scamming others for a living. However, after swindling a seemingly clueless tourist, Makoto discovers that he was the one tricked and, to make matters worse, the police are now after him. While making his escape, he runs into the tourist once again, who turns out to be a fellow con man named Laurent Thierry, and ends up following him to LA.  The two come to an agreement: to commit high-stakes fraud together!
When Subaru Natsuki leaves the convenience store, the last thing he expects is to be wrenched from his everyday life and dropped into a fantasy world. Things aren't looking good for the bewildered teenager; not long after his arrival he meets a girl named Satella, is attacked by some thugs, quickly beaten, and then murdered. However, Subaru immediately reawakens to a familiar scene—confronted by the same group of thugs, meeting Satella—the enigma deepens as history inexplicably repeats itself.
In the year 2063, space travel is feasible and commercially available. As the cheerful Aries Spring arrives at the spaceport to attend a camp on the distant planet McPa, her purse is suddenly snatched by a reckless thief. Luckily, the athletic Kanata Hoshijima is able to retrieve it for her, and Aries soon discovers that he is among the group of teenagers who will be traveling with her on the excursion.  Suddenly, the group is sucked into the vast reaches of outer space and must make their way back home.